here is the unboxing of Marshall nitra
just bought it yesterday hey mister
here you see the what's inside we're
good expect inside so we have the
extension cables adapter the ear clash
and collapsible construction so even if
even the things that's with that said
hey here and have the price so you see
the gold plated marshal named nice a
adapters are also gold-plated it's good
you have here the manual it is the
history no warranty instructions in
different languages and of course the
parts so it has two kinds we have the
major here it's what which what we got
and the minor that's an upcoming
okay so I move this one by one and twist
it see the other doctor nice to go
baited and the other one this one's
gonna be hooked it's already connected a
nice
I tried one of these in under this way
on this playlist work so first we have
doubts buying it but when I tested it
sounds are good and the size is good
because it's not that big and like those
usual phones that has bigger in rows
this one it really fits my ear and
cousins are nice see it is so nice and
what impressed me is has a signature
look cool a doctor dr. Jim Marshall nice
hey and what I like Moses I mean wonder
what I like about it mostly is it's
collapsible so you could carry anywhere
in school in the office and library
travel especially if you love traveling
so this is cool unlike those Bucky
headphones that you need to have a big
space in your bag and you can just carry
anywhere so this one it's really it's
collapsing that's nice and it suits your
if you have iPods ipod touch or iphone
this one i highly suggest because of the
sound quality nice see my
and suggestible hey any other headsets
cool they got a 40 inch cable see this
long it's enough okay